Financial types permission for web visitors (#460)
civicrm/civicrm-user-guide: docs/initial-set-up/permissions-and-access-control.md

1. Begin with CiviCRM installed within Drupal, Backdrop, or WordPress. (This feature is not yet available for Joomla.)
1. Go to **Administer** > **CiviContribute** > **CiviContribute Component Settings**.
1. Check the box to **Enable Access Control by Financial Type**.

> 1. Edit your CMS permissions and see that CiviCRM has added a 'view', 'edit' and 'delete' permission for every financial type. Assign these permissions as needed. You must assign add and view for each financial types to the anonymous user role for visitors to access your contribution pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit your CMS permissions and see that CiviCRM has added a 'view', 'edit' and 'delete' permission for every financial type. Assign these permissions as needed.

!!! tip
    You must grant the add and view permission for each financial type to the anonymous user role for visitors to be able to access your contribution pages.
```
